How can this be?
Dad, is this a bit too much?
excessive
I wouldn't say that.
That's 100,000 oceans.
Of course, you don't have to.
Then this investment
That's wrong.
Huamei
Are you sure?
So yo
What a coincidence
Everybody's here.
Why are you here?
Me?
I heard there's a deal here today
Xiaozhi will come over to see if he can get involved
Who did you listen to this gang leader?
We're just having tea here
The commander sent me here
Commander in Chief
Mr. Gu's tobacco business
The Lord Commander is particularly interested
Really, if this business had a commander
That's great.
What about my husband?
Came on behalf of the commander-in-chief
The commander-in-chief asked you to do it with confidence
At that time
Don't forget to give the commander-in-chief a share of the pie
The other commander, you go back and tell the commander-in-chief
Honor them then
I can't miss a penny
That would be fine.
I'm here today to tell you
That's right.
The Lord Commander will hold a birthday dinner the night after tomorrow
Hope to hear the good news then.
Don't worry, King Li.
As long as the smoke soil enters our golden bottle the day after tomorrow
Just the whole golden bottle
All in the palm of our commander
I want to ask
About my Bible reading position